(projector clicks and clacks)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(distant car engine roars)
(baby cries)
- Shh!
Shh! It's okay. Joshua. it's okay.
We'll be home soon.
(Joshua cries)
Shh! Honey. it's okay.
(screams)
(tires screech)
(car thumps)
(glass shatters)
(dark music)
(hospital alarm bleeps)
(distant chatter)
- What's going on?
- Miss Chandler. you're in Mercy Hospital.
You've been in an accident.
It's okay. You've suffered
some nasty head bangs.
But you're gonna be fine.
- Where's my baby?
Joshua. where's Joshua?
- Miss Chandler. the baby
did not survive the accident.
I'm sorry.
(somber music)
- What? No. that's not possible.
He was in a car seat. He's
okay. he's gonna be okay.
I have to get help. please. Please help!
Let me go. please!
- You're gonna be okay.
- Isoflurane to calm her. please.
- [Nurse] Yes. Doctor.
- Miss Chandler. you're lucky to be alive.
- I need to see Joshua.
I need to see my baby.
- We're gonna keep you here overnight
for some X-rays and a CT scan.
I'll be back in the
morning to check in on you.
(Chandler sobs)
- Hi. sweetie.
Missy wrote you this note.
We want you to come home.
- [Missy] Dear Arry. we're
going to take care of you.
Come back home and stay with
us so you'll get better.
Love. Missy.
- You don't need to make
a decision right now.
Just give it time. You
have a lot to deal with.
- We'll stay right here with you.
- [Ariana] No.
- Give her time.
She's in shock.
She just needs to be with herself.
- No. I wanna stay here with her.
- Come on. let's go.
We'll check in on her tomorrow.
She needs to rest.
(somber orchestral music)
(Ariana sobs)
(background chatter)
(knocks)
- Excuse me. Mrs. Chandler?
I'm Detective Lenny Briggs. Madison PD.
Are you feeling up to
answering a few questions?
- She's not. Mr. Briggs.
She's recovering from trauma.
- I'll be brief.
- Keep it very brief. Mr. Briggs.
- (sighs) I'm sorry about
your loss. Mrs. Chandler.
- I need to find Joshua.
I need to find my son.
- I know about the loss of your husband.
And now this. I realize this
is a very difficult time.
But when someone's deceased
as a result of an accident.
we need to determine the-
- Joshua isn't dead.
- Do you remember what happened?
- I was driving my car.
- Just you and the child?
- Yes.
- Were you taking any drugs or alcohol?
- No.
- Sorry. I... I had to ask.
Given your history.
- There was a man. in the road.
I had to slam on my brakes
to avoid hitting him.
- What did the man look like?
- I. I couldn't get a good look at him.
but he had on a hood or a hoodie?
No. no. it was a robe.
It was a black robe.
- You saw a man standing
in the middle of the road
wearing a black robe?
- I mean. I don't know who or what it was.
but it looked like a man.
I think I hit him.
- Mrs. Chandler. I was on
the scene about an hour
after it happened and
there was no other body.
Except for your son.
- My son?
No. it's not my son.
(sobs) You didn't find my son.
- I'm so sorry.
- That's enough. Out.
(Ariana sobs)
(Lenny sighs)
(baby cries)
(dark music)
(indistinct whispering)
(suspenseful music)
(Ariana pants)
(knocks)
- God. Tawnie.
- God. you look like shit.
and you're still beautiful.
I'm jealous.
- What time is it?
- After three in the morning.
- [Ariana] How'd you get in?
- Snuck up the back stairs.
(Ariana chuckles)
Man. what the hell happened?
- I wrecked my car. I...
They say that Joshua's dead.
- What?
God. Ari. I'm... I'm so sorry.
- And there was this man.
He stepped out in front of the car.
I swerved to avoid hitting him. I...
I might have killed him.
- You're sure?
- Yes. I...
I think so.
- Look. you've been under
a lot of stress. I mean.
Cody's suicide. now this?
- I'm not making this up.
Joshua isn't dead. Someone took him.
- Whatever happened.
I'm here for you. okay?
- Yeah.
I know.
- So when are you bustin' outta here?
(Ariana sighs)
- I'm getting released tomorrow.
I'm going back to my parents' house.
- That's gonna be rough.
- It's only until I get back on my feet.
Till I find Joshua.
(Tawnie sighs)
I have to move out of my place.
Do you think you could help me?
- Yes. of course. Just call me. okay?
- I will.
Thanks.
(somber music)
- Come on. Let's get your stuff.
- Yeah.
(birds tweet)
I can't believe I'm moving back here.
- You can always come live with me.
I'm only with Gabe.
It's no fun being a single parent.
- I'll be okay.
- Well. the invitation always stands.
Gabe loves you.
- I know. I just want my parents to know
I'm not rejecting their offer to help.
And it means a lot to Missy.
- No worries.
Come on. Let's get these
boxes out of the car.
(Ariana sighs)
(car door slams)
Somebody's happy to see you.
- You're room is just as you left it.
We didn't change a thing.
- Thanks. Mom.
- It'll be nice to have
you back home again.
- Where's Dad?
- He's working.
As usual.
- Speaking of work. I gotta get back.
- Thanks for all your help. Tawnie.
- Anything for you. girlfriend.
- Well. don't just stand there. squirt.
Grab a box and let's go.
- [Missy] (chuckles) Okay.
- Do you need help with that?
- [Missy] We got it.
- You happy to have me back?
- Yeah. I'm really happy
to have you back. Ari.
(Ariana chuckles)
- Just like Mom said.
Just like I left it.
- Mommy said that Cody
killed himself after the war
because he saw bad
things when he was there.
- Missy!
Downstairs!
Now!
- I didn't mean anything by it.
- Now. young lady!
(somber piano music)
(door closes)
Missy?
Let's not talk about Uncle
Cody to your sister. okay?
- Okay.
Mom?
Is Ari going to leave us again?
- Looks like she's back to stay. honey.
- Good.
(knocks)
- [Mother] Ari?
- Yeah. come in.
- Missy's so excited to
have you home. (chuckles)
We all are.
Even your father. he just...
He just isn't so good at showing it.
- Same old dad.
- So...
I know you're dealing with a lot.
And if it ever gets too overwhelming or-
- You mean if I try to kill myself?
- I didn't say that.
- Don't worry. Mom.
I'm over that.
I can deal with this. okay?
- Okay.
- Hey. Mom?
When Timmy passed away. how old was he?
- I don't wanna talk about Timmy.
(somber piano music)
Six months.
- And you said it was
because of crib death?
- That's what the doctor
said. and the coroner.
- But you didn't believe them.
- You know what I believe.
- Mom. these stories that you
told us when we were little?
Do you think that they were true?
- Let's not talk about this.
The past is in the past.
That was so long ago.
Maybe you should talk to Dr. Woods.
She was really helpful
for me when I lost Timmy.
- I don't need a psychiatrist.
- Okay.
(chuckles)
- Oh. um...
Mom. do you think it would be okay
if I borrowed the car while I'm home?
- Of course. hon.
- Thanks.
Mom?
Thanks.
(somber piano music)
(door closes)
(sighs)
(birds tweet)
(ominous tones)
(gasps)
Jesus. Paulie! You scared
the shit out of me.
- Sorry.
I heard about the accident.
I'm really sorry. Ari.
- How have you been?
- It's all good.
- How's your dad?
- Still a pain in the ass. (chuckles)
Are you living at home now?
- Yeah. I don't know for how long.
- Well. it's really good to have you back.
- Thanks.
- Hey. if you need to talk
or anything. just stop by.
We're right nextdoor. Just a short walk.
- I will. Paulie.
Thanks.
- Dad would love to see
you. too. It's been a while.
(somber piano music)
- Hey. Paulie?
- Yeah?
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
(suspenseful music)
(gasps and moans)
No.
(pants)
(gasps)
(sighs)
(ominous tones)
(sighs) Christ. Dad.
How did you get in here?
- I tried knocking. Door was open.
Welcome home.
- Thanks.
- Sorry about everything
you're going through.
If there's anything your
mother or I could do
to help. just ask.
- I will.
- Things have been pretty
peaceful around here
since you left.
- (scoffs) Well. don't worry. Dad.
As soon as I find Joshua
and I get back on my feet.
I'll be out of here.
- That's not what I meant.
- Well maybe it's not what you
meant but I get the message.
(door closes)
(ominous tones)
(knocks)
(birds tweet)
(door creaks)
Yes?
- Sorry to bother you
so early in the morning. Mrs. Chandler.
(chain rattles)
- Have you found Joshua?
- Joshua passed away in the
accident. Mrs. Chandler.
- I don't believe that.
- I'm gonna need you to
come down to the station.
There's a few questions I need to ask you.
- What kind of questions?
- We can cover that at the station.
- Well. maybe you should
be trying to find Joshua.
rather than asking me questions.
(Lenny sighs)
- I must insist. Mrs. Chandler.
- All right.
Let me get dressed.
(door closes)
(lock clacks)
(eerie tones)
- [Lenny] I need you to take me back
to the night of the accident.
- I already told you
everything I remember.
- Tell me again.
(Ariana sighs)
- I was in my car. Joshua
was in the back seat.
- What was your state of mind?
- Do you mean was I drunk?
I've been sober for a long time.
- Losing your husband.
being left to raise your baby all alone.
That's a lot of pressure.
- I can handle being alone.
- Attempted suicide when you were 22.
Drug and alcohol problems.
History of depression.
In fact. depression runs
in your family. Doesn't it?
- That all changed when I met Cody.
- Yeah. Cody. Your husband.
He joined the army.
Deployed to the Middle East.
Comes back with PTSD and commits suicide.
That is a hell of a lot to
deal with for a single mom.
- What are you getting at?
- Okay. so. you're driving. Then what?
- Joshua started crying. so I
turned around to comfort him.
- Oh. so you took your eyes off the road?
- For just a second.
And then when I turned back around.
there was a man in the road.
- (sighs) Then what?
- I swerved to avoid hitting him.
- Did you hit him?
- I don't know. I...
I don't remember anything after that.
- What do you think happened?
- I think it was the Hoodman.
I think it took my kid.
- "The Hoodman"?
The urban legend?
- [Ariana] Yes.
- [Lenny] Mrs. Chandler. I
want you to look at these.
- [Ariana] What's this?
- Those are photographs of your son.
It's how we found him in the car seat.
- No.
- (sighs) Look at them. Mrs. Chandler.
You can't argue with the facts.
- He was taken!
(Lenny sighs)
- You wanna know what I think?
I think you couldn't cope.
with your husband committing suicide.
Left all alone to raise a
six-month-old all by yourself
and uh. (chuckles) you
couldn't take the pressure.
So you wanted to end it.
- I wouldn't do that.
- Why wouldn't you?
It wouldn't be your
first attempt at suicide.
- I would never do
something like that again.
- I know what it's like to lose someone.
Especially a kid.
I lost my son.
- I'm sorry.
I didn't know that.
- Finding out what happened to him...
It's the only thing that keeps me living.
I don't buy this Hoodman angle.
I only believe in plausible explanations.
- Am I under arrest?
- No. not yet.
- Okay.
Then I'm leaving.
(door creaks)
(door slams)
- I'll be in touch. (chuckles)
(swing squeaks)
(background chatter)
- I like having you around now.
Now I have someone to do stuff with.
- Well don't you have any friends?
- No.
Nobody likes me.
- Hey.
- They don't wanna play with me.
- Why would you say that?
- They think I'm weird.
- You're not weird.
- Walk to your own beat. Missy.
That's what I always did.
- And that's why you
were the weirdest girl
I knew in high school.
- (chuckles) Seriously. do your own thing.
- Where's Gabe?
- He's with his dad this weekend.
(swing squeaks)
(ominous tones)
- [Ariana] Oh. my god.
- Keep pushing.
- What's wrong?
- I thought I saw someone.
- I don't see anyone.
- [Missy] Push!
- Hey. we should get going.
Okay?
- Why do we have to leave so soon?
- I'll call you later. okay?
Come on. hon.
(car door slams)
(car starts)
(somber piano music)
Missy...
If you ever see anything
strange or unusual.
I want you to tell me. okay?
- Like what?
- Anything.
Deal?
- Deal.
(garage door hums)
(door closes)
(water splashes)
- [Woods] I'm happy you
chose to see me. Ariana.
You've been through quite
a series of ordeals.
- [Ariana] Enough to see a head doctor.
- There's nothing wrong
with psychotherapy.
I helped your mom once
when she was going through
a difficult trauma.
- The only difficult
trauma I'm going through
is trying to find my son.
- And what do you think
happened with Joshua?
- I don't know. I just
know that he can't be dead.
- And why do you say that?
- Because I know.
He was...
Taken.
- Who do you believe took him?
- The Hoodman.
(ominous tones)
- Your mother mentioned
this Hoodman character
when she was seeing me.
She believed he was responsible
for the loss of her child.
- Yes. and she still
believes that to this day.
You know. people. they say
that this is just a story.
but it's not. I know that it's true.
I saw him and he caused the accident.
This man. he is stealing children.
- Ari. urban legends are
just a form of folklore.
They're stories that are passed on orally
and on the internet.
They're not real.
They're just tales.
- But what if they're based on truth?
- Well. I know you believe that.
- My mother has been
telling me these stories
even since I was little.
but. but it wasn't just her.
These stories have been
circulating around this town
for as long as I can remember.
- When people are under great stress.
such as with a trauma or
the loss of a loved one.
some violent incident. their
minds can make them believe
that things are happening
that aren't real.
- I'm not crazy. and
I'm not making this up.
- Well. you've been
conditioned for a long time
to believe these things.
You've suffered a tremendous loss.
The loss of your husband and
then right on the heels of that
the accident in which you lost your son.
You somehow feel responsible
and it's these negative feelings
that are driving your thoughts.
- The man that I saw is real.
- Well. that's what we're here to work on.
(Ariana breathes sharply)
(eerie music)
(music swells)
(Ariana gasps)
(Ariana sighs)
(somber music)
- [Ariana] All right. big jump.
- Okay.
(Ariana chuckles)
One. two. three.
(water splashes)
(Ariana chuckles)
- That was great! (chuckles)
This was a really good idea.
She doesn't have a chance to get out much.
- What are neighbors for?
Besides. you being home
is the most excitement
I've had in a long time.
You know. I used to have a
crush on you in high school?
- I never knew that.
- I just was too afraid to
come up and say something.
- (chuckles) No. it's weird.
we lived across from each other
for so long. but I never really saw you.
- Yeah. we just stayed in our own place.
and then. after Mom died...
- Yeah.
Hey. I never had a chance to tell you
how sorry I was about that.
- It's okay.
- She was sick for a while. right?
- Cancer.
- Yeah. it's tough losing
people that you love.
- Dad didn't take it too well.
I still don't think he's gotten over it.
- [Missy] Cannonball!
(water splashes)
- That was the best one yet.
Oh. hi. Mr. Montgomery.
I haven't seen you in ages.
- Well. Ariana. I'm sorry
to hear about your loss.
Enjoy your ice cream.
- Is he okay?
- Yeah. he's just been
like that since Mom passed.
He's. he's all right.
He's happy you're home.
- [Ariana] Yeah. you could've fooled me.
- [Paulie] We both are.
(Ariana chuckles)
- That was so much fun.
- Yeah?
You ready for some ice cream?
- Yeah!
I can't wait to have some ice cream.
- Mm-hm.
Look at the flavor.
- (gasps) Vanilla!
- Mm-hm!
- My favorite flavor.
(Ariana chuckles)
- Someone had their fill of
swimming today. and ice cream.
(chuckles)
- I really love when we do stuff together.
- Me too.
I miss that.
So you had fun today?
- I had lots of fun.
- Good.
- And I saw you with Paulie.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- Well. so what?
- Do you like him?
- (chuckles) No. no.
Paulie is just a friend.
- A friend?
- Mm-hm!
- Oh. really?
- Yes. I promise!
(chuckles)
What if I were to pinky
promise he's just a friend?
Would you believe me?
- Fine.
I do believe you.
- Okay.
That's enough for now. You
gotta get to bed. okay?
- Okay.
- Goodnight.
- Night night.
(switch clicks)
(lighter flicks)
(Tawnie sighs)
- Look. Joshua's gone. Ari.
The sooner you can
accept that. the better.
- If it were Gabriel.
you would feel different.
- Look. sometimes when
there's an accident.
and the death is very sudden.
the spirit can remain
in the material world.
- What are you saying?
That the ghost of my son is haunting me?
- I'm saying there's an energy.
A spirit energy.
You owe it to yourself
to at least look into it.
You still having nightmares?
- Yeah.
- Man. there's been weird things going on
in this town as long as I can remember.
Kids dying.
Kids disappearing.
The whole thing gives me the creeps.
(lighter flicks)
If it were me. I tell you what I'd do.
Research.
(suspenseful music)
(lighter flicks)
(footsteps approach)
- There's a lot more here than I thought.
A local author named Frank Hackman
submitted this personal
journal to the library.
He claims that his own child was abducted
by some form of sandman.
- Hoodman?
- The Hoodman. That's it.
He claims that this Hoodman is real.
I'm gonna be around for
a couple more hours.
If there's anything you need.
There's more information here
and the books are full of it.
- Okay. thank you for your help.
(dark orchestral music)
(keyboard clacks)
(knocks)
- Who is it?
- Mr. Hackman?
My name is Ariana Chandler.
I need to talk to you.
It's about your daughter.
- [Frank] Go away!
- Mr. Hackman. I need to
know about the Hoodman.
(ominous tones)
- [Frank] Are you a reporter?
- I'm not a reporter. Mr.
Hackman. I lost my son.
(dark orchestral music)
(door closes)
- [Frank] What do you want?
- I've seen him.
The Hoodman?
- [Frank] Where did you see him?
- I was driving my car and he
stepped out in front of it.
I crashed and I lost my baby.
- What did he look like?
- He had a dark cloak and a hood.
- And have you seen him since?
- Yes. I believe that he's following me.
- In your dreams?
- Yes.
- She was seven.
When he took her.
The bedroom window was open and
I. I. I never saw her again.
- I'm sorry.
- I've spent my life
trying to convince people
that he's real.
To those who believe in him.
My daughter...
Believed in him.
And if you've seen him.
if you believe in him.
you're in danger.
- So what do I do to stop him?
(Frank chuckles)
- Stop believing in him.
- I'm sorry. this was a mistake.
(door slams)
(Frank sighs)
(thud)
(knocks)
- Miss Chandler?
(gun cocks)
(door thuds)
Hello. Frank.
(suspenseful music)
(sniffs)
Oh. god. This place is a dump.
How do you live like this?
- I get by.
- I never liked you. Frank.
You were a weirdo in high school.
and you're still a weirdo.
- Ow!
God!
Damn it!
- You shouldn't play with guns. Frank.
One's liable to go off.
Someone might get hurt.
You know. I don't believe in all this
boogie man crap that you're into.
I don't believe in fairytales and
I don't believe in all this myth shit.
But what I do believe is
that someone's out there
playing dress-up and victimizing people.
You wouldn't know anything
about that. would you. Frank?
- You think I'd kill my own daughter?
Hoodman is not a myth!
(Lenny chuckles)
- "Hoodman."
You know. for a grown man.
you sure got a lot of
kid stuff around here.
This belong to one of the victims?
- It belonged to my daughter.
- I need you to come down to
the station tomorrow. Frank.
There's some questions I need to ask you.
Seven AM. tomorrow morning.
Don't be late.
(door thuds)
(door closes)
(lock clicks)
(muffled clunk)
(Ariana gasps)
(suspenseful music)
(child giggles)
(muffled thud)
(door creaks)
- Hello?
(door closes)
(eerie music)
(door creaks)
(somber music)
(Lenny sighs)
(door squeaks)
(door closes)
(Lenny sighs)
(folder slams)
- Every time a child goes
missing in this town.
you're somewhere nearby.
That a coincidence. Frank?
And you think this Hoodman.
he's responsible. huh?
From where I stand. imaginary
evil spirits don't kill kids.
- That's because you're not a believer.
- You believe that this Hoodman. he uh.
he took your daughter too. huh?
- I know he did.
- So what does he do
with these kids. Frank?
- He puts them to sleep.
assimilates their spirit
and they pass away.
- That's kind of a
stretch. don't you think?
- I wouldn't expect you to understand.
(Lenny sighs)
- Where were you the night
your daughter went missing. Frank?
- I was at work.
My boss vouched for me. It's
in the first investigation.
- Yeah. I can see that.
Lucky for you he did. huh?
- I didn't kill her!
She was taken!
(tense music)
- It says here the
babysitter was found dead.
No sign of forced entry into the house.
and you found your
daughter gone from her bed.
And she's not been heard from since.
That was 14 years ago.
No body was ever found.
- That's right.
- And since then. four
other kids have gone missing
under similar circumstances.
- There's more than that.
If you go back far enough.
There's even more still if
you go outside the county.
There are hundreds of children
who have gone missing.
and nobody has ever found them!
What do you say about that. Lenny. huh?
You think I did that too?
(Lenny sighs)
- Were you anywhere near Hobbs Ferry road
the night that Ariana
Chandler's baby was killed?
- No.
Look. do I need a lawyer here?
- You can't afford a lawyer. Frank.
You don't have a pot to piss
in or a window to throw it out.
- Then can I go?
(Lenny sighs)
- Yeah.
(door squeaks)
(sighs)
(Ariana chuckles)
- Can you read me a
story. like you used to?
- You're getting a little old
for stories. don't you think?
(chuckles)
Besides. it's way past your bedtime.
You should've been asleep hours ago.
- Do you miss Cody?
(somber piano music)
- Yes. sweetie.
I miss Cody very much.
- Mommy said not to ask you about him.
She said it would make you really upset.
- No. it's okay.
- Why did Cody kill himself?
Wasn't he happy?
- Sweetie. sometimes
when people go to war.
they do terrible things.
and Cody saw too many of them.
He just couldn't cope.
- So he killed himself because
he didn't wanna think about
all those bad things anymore?
- That's enough for tonight.
sweetie. It's time for bed.
Goodnight.
(switch clicks)
- Ari?
At night. I have bad dreams.
(dark orchestral music)
- What kind of bad dreams?
- I don't really wanna
talk about them right now.
- Just close your eyes and count to 100.
Before you know it. you'll be fast asleep.
- One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
(door closes)
(baby cries)
(ominous music)
(ominous tones)
- Shit. (pants)
(phone rings)
Come on. Pick up. pick up. pick up!
- [Paulie] Hey-oh. it's Paulie.
Leave a message and I'll get
back to you as soon as I can.
- Paulie. Paulie. there is
someone outside of your house.
They're near your pool. Please.
Please meet me out there. Paulie.
(ominous tones)
(crickets chirp)
(suspenseful music)
Paulie?
Paulie. are you home?
(gasps)
- Whoa. it's just me.
It's just me.
- Oh. geez.
You scared the shit out of me. Paulie!
- Sorry. I really gotta stop doing that.
I just had a look around.
There's no boogie man. I checked.
- Paulie. there was someone
standing by your pool.
- Maybe it was just Dad sleepwalking.
He does that sometimes.
- No. no. it wasn't your dad sleepwalking.
- Ari. listen to me.
There's no one else
here besides Dad and I.
I want you to go home
and just get some rest.
- Okay.
- I'll come by and check
on you in the morning.
I'm gonna go to bed.
- Okay.
(sliding door closes)
(suspenseful music)
Oh. my god.
Missy.
Missy. run!
He's behind you. run! Missy!
(tense music)
Hello?
Anyone!
(suspenseful music)
(door creaks)
(lock clicks)
(phone keypad bleeps)
(phone rings)
(ominous tones)
(muffled footsteps clunk)
(baby cries over phone)
(phone clacks)
(button clicks)
(distant child sings)
(child giggles)
(door closes)
(suspenseful music)
(door creaks)
(gasps)
(sighs)
(breathes sharply)
(clock ticks)
(sighs)
(switch clicks)
(clock ticks)
(suspenseful music)
(sighs)
(eerie tones)
(muffled clunks)
(clock ticks)
(switch clicks)
(ominous tones)
(sighs)
(switch clicks)
(clock ticks)
(pills rattle)
(lid pops)
(lid clicks)
(container clacks)
One.
Two.
Three.
(suspenseful music)
Four.
Five.
Six.
(ominous tones)
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten.
(clock ticks)
(loud thud)
(gasps)
(indistinct whispering)
Mom?
(laughter)
(footsteps clack)
Missy?
(indistinct whispering)
(suspenseful music)
(switch clicks rapidly)
Shit.
(clock ticks)
(button clicks)
(door squeaks)
Hello?
Is someone downstairs?
(stairs creak)
(switch clicks)
(child giggles)
(distant laughter)
(muffled scratching and creaking)
(child giggles)
(distant laughter)
(crickets chirp)
(distant scratching)
(muffled clunk)
(suspenseful music)
(door creaks)
Hello?
Is anybody there?
(cat yowls)
(gasps)
Smoky!
What are you doing?
(sighs)
Stupid cat.
(lever clicks)
(footsteps clack)
(switch clicks)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps clack)
(door creaks)
Shit. my phone.
(tense music)
Oh. god. Shit.
(pants)
(knocks)
Paulie! Paulie. wake up!
Paulie!
(ominous music)
(gasps)
No.
(hook scrapes)
(grunts and pants)
(shovel thuds)
(pants)
Stop! Stop. please!
Stop. stop! (pants)
Please. you gotta me!
There's someone after me!
- Ari?
- Who's after you?
- Please!
- Ari.
Ari. what are you doing?
- Paulie. you have to-
- Hey. I'm so sorry.
I got her. I got her.
Come on.
- He's after me. I swear.
He's coming!
- Okay. okay. calm down.
Look at me. look at me. You
need to get a hold of yourself.
There's nobody trying
to get you right now.
- No. Paulie. he's here. Please.
- Okay. how about this?
We can go check together and show you
that there's no one there.
It's just your head playing tricks.
Yeah?
Coast is clear.
- What about the alley?
- If it makes you feel any
better. I can call the police.
- No. no.
- You can always stay here.
I'll just sleep on the couch.
- No. I wanna make sure Missy's safe
and I don't wanna scare her.
- Listen. I'll keep my cell on.
And if you have any concerns.
just give me a call.
I'll come right over.
- Deal.
- Hey.
It's on.
- Thanks. Paulie.
(eerie music)
(erratic ominous tones)
(pants and gasps)
(distant laughter)
(music swells)
(gasps)
(pants)
Jesus.
(phone vibrates)
Hello?
- [Tawnie] Are you okay?
You're not answering any of my texts.
- Yeah. I must have slept in.
- [Tawnie] Are you
having nightmares again?
- [Ariana] Nightmares again.
- [Tawnie] Why don't you come over later?
- Yeah. Yeah. I'll see you later.
(somber music)
(pills rattle)
(lid pops)
Jesus.
(pills rattle)
(sighs)
(container clacks)
Mom?
Dad?
(door creaks)
(background chatter)
(cutlery clinks)
- Oh. it's about time you got up.
Sleeping in lately.
- [Ariana] What's the
deal with the electric?
- [Father] We didn't notice anything.
- The power's been going
in and out all night.
- How do you want your eggs?
- I'm not hungry.
- You look like crap.
- Thanks. Dad. I had a rough night.
Nightmares.
- Have you been taking your meds?
- Yes. I've been taking my meds.
You know. I don't know why you guys
keep treating me like a baby. I'm fine.
- We're concerned about you.
- Oh. That's a nice change.
(dark music)
(birds tweet)
- Gabriel napping is my
favorite part of the day.
Peace and quiet. finally.
Are you okay?
- I've been having nightmares
that I swear are real.
I need to know what happened to Joshua.
I need to know if he's alive. or...
You're good with all of this
spirit stuff. What can you do?
- Look. I'm into healing
spirit energy. I'm...
I'm not psychic. Ari.
- Please.
I need to know. Can you just try?
- Ari. I don't think that's a good idea.
- Please.
(dark orchestral music)
- We call upon all the
powers of the unseen world
to help us.
We ask the universal spirits to assist us.
Spirit.
Are you there?
Can you hear us?
Please. help us to find
the answers we seek.
Spirit.
Are you there?
(strong wind blows)
Spirit.
We call upon you.
Please give us a sign that you are there.
- (gasps) Joshua?
Is that you?
- Spirit. we seek to know the whereabouts
of Joshua Logan Chandler.
(indistinct whispering)
- I feel a chill.
There's something here.
- Spirit. we feel your presence.
Spirit.
Is Joshua Chandler safe?
(ominous tones)
Spirit!
Is Joshua Chandler alive or dead?
(chair creaks)
(switch clicks)
I think you should go.
Please.
You have to go.
- Tawnie. I. I felt
something. I felt Joshua.
- That wasn't Joshua.
Please. you have to go.
This is getting even too weird for me.
Go. please!
(car door slams)
(Ariana sighs)
(phone rings)
(car starts)
(Ariana sighs)
(eerie music)
(Frank mutters)
(pencil scribbles wildly)
(gun fires)
(door opens)
- Mr. Hackman?
Oh. my god.
Oh. my god. (gasps)
(sobs)
Oh. my god.
(gasps)
(door creaks)
(eerie tones)
(door slams)
(lock clicks)
(phone rings)
(suspenseful music)
(car door slams)
(knocks)
Tawnie!
Tawnie. are you home?
Tawnie?
Tawnie!
(pants)
Gabe.
Gabe!
Oh. god.
(pants)
(phone rings)
Shit.
(pants)
(tires screech)
(eerie music)
Missy!
(pants)
(cutlery clinks)
(clattering)
(distant child giggles)
Missy!
(ominous tones)
- [Officer] Yeah.
Yeah. I need you to step out for court
and bring all your stuff with you.
You don't have to push the button.
(ominous tones)
(ammo clip clicks)
(Ariana pants)
(muffled clunks)
(muffled footsteps thud)
- Missy?
Missy?
(light squeaks)
(muffled footsteps thud)
(Missy screams)
(muffled thud)
(ladders clang)
(pants)
Missy?
(suspenseful music)
Missy. I'm coming. sweetheart.
(child giggles)
Missy?
(indistinct whispering)
(gasps)
La. la. la-la. la
La. la-la. la-la
- Missy?
Missy. sweetheart. is that you?
(screams)
(box clatters)
(dramatic music)
(chokes)
(grunts)
(screams)
(pants)
(grunts)
(screams)
(thuds)
(pants)
- Ari. what's wrong?
- Oh. thank god. Missy. I thought
something happened to you.
Missy. we have to leave
this house right now.
- Where's Mom and Dad?
- Sweetie. we need to go!
(pants)
(tense music)
Hurry.
(pants)
(garage door hums)
(car door slams)
(garage doom hums)
(ominous tones)
(screams)
(gasps and chokes)
(horn honks)
- Ari. are you okay? What's happening?
(Ariana gasps and chokes)
- If you believe in him...
- [Missy] Ari. what's wrong?
- You're in danger.
- What's the matter?
(Ariana chokes)
(tires screech)
(car door slams)
(horn honks)
- Ariana!
(Ariana chokes)
Ariana!
(horn honks)
(Ariana chokes)
- So what do I do to stop him?
- Stop believing in him.
(Ariana gasps)
- You're not real.
You're not real. you're not real.
You're not real.
(chokes)
(pants)
Oh. my god.
(door creaks)
- Freeze! Hands up!
(Ariana gasps)
(somber music)
(Ariana sobs)
- It's okay.
He can't hurt us anymore.
It's over.
(birds tweet)
(melancholy music)
- Call us when you get to Colorado.
- We're really gonna miss you.
- Can I go with you to
see the Grand Canyon?
- Oh. sweetie. You've gotta go to school.
And take care of Mom and Dad.
- I don't want you to go.
- I will call you every day.
And when I come home. I'll
take you to Disneyland.
- Promise?
- Promise.
(chuckles)
- Come on.
(trunk door closes)
(car door closes)
(car starts)
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Are you sure you don't
wanna stay and marry me?
(Ariana chuckles)
- Yeah. Paulie. I'm sure.
I have to take some time for myself.
Learn how to live on my own.
- Yeah. I understand.
Just really gonna miss you.
- Take care of your dad. okay?
And out look for them too.
(melancholy orchestral music)
- Will do.
(Ariana chuckles)
- Bye.
- See ya.
(car door slams)
(door creaks)
- Mommy?
Daddy?
(ominous music)
(door slams)
(pants)
(screams)
(door slams)
(aggressive heavy metal music)
(somber music)
(tense music)